So my ideal team as a division. Also first aboard the ship, trying to
carry out the mission with our head in the accident. Captain, my ideal
team is working with my chief petty officer. Seems she calls here.
In the past, I had actually, on my first ship, I had a master chief
Petty officer working, and he helped me extremely. So it was important
to establish a rapport, establish a relationship with Chief Petty
Officer and carry out a mission in my ambulance that I was an engineering.
Also watch. So I had to qualify. So I hasn't used my experience.
My knowledge, my training too. Get qualified. As you're also
watch all the decks, all the engineering plant, understand it casually
control drills and rely on my chief to make sure that I understood
how all the technology works and how old personnel it into our division.
Our teeth. So what's important part is to establish a rapport
with your cheese and later on it becomes your divisional officer. After
that, you're always has it. It's It's very simple to do that, and
it's very when and if that goes south, okay, because it was south.
You're not gonna have a Downing Street line having everything yourself.
Don't do that. Highly recommended that either recommended establishing
for you, Chief, you'll have a great way ahead of you.